include mapping/runtime in executeInput (#286)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/kind-gifts-obey.md

---
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Include all runtime and mappings in executeInput to support connections referencing other mappings such as ModelChainConnections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include all runtimes and mappings in execution input to support connections referencing other mappings such as ModelChainConnections.
```
